I told you it's not waking up and jumping into the fecal water
You know what?
You spilled it on your neck.
You're a doctor?
You ask me, who do I ask?
I'll get it back for you.
Ouch.
The pain is killing me.
Dr. Zhou is there
Hey, fat man treats Mo Yi
That's not what you're good at.
Ah, do you know how to start a military?
Are you trying to kill me?
I'm telling you, my old woman is worth a lot of money
I can't afford it for ten million. Ouch.
Ouch.
Hey, do you think Mom Mo's neck will break?
Let's see
Aunt Mo, is this a nerve burn problem?
It's not very curable
Why don't I put some plasters on you?
Can you post it and try it first?
Ouch, I see you are still a doctor.
You must be a thief
Ouch oops
The pain is killing me.
Ouch.
Patient Symptoms Stroke Hemiplegia
Cure method Qufeng acupuncture